feat: release notes and improvements for workload alerting (#9944)
determined-ai/determined: docs/integrations/notification/_index.rst

-  Name: Supply a unique identifier for referencing the webhook in the experiment configuration.
-  URL: Enter the webhook URL.
-  Type: Choose either ``Default`` or ``Slack``. The ``Slack`` type automatically formats message
   content for better readability on Slack.
-  Trigger: Select the event you want to monitor. See the list of supported triggers in the
   :ref:`supported-webhook-triggers` section.
-  Triggered by: Choose whether to monitor all experiments within the workspace. For the ``Custom``
   option, the trigger applies only to specific experiments.

.. code::

   # Example of an experiment configuration with webhooks

   integrations:
      webhooks:
         webhook_name:
            - <webhook_name>

-  Regex: If the webhook is configured to trigger on Tasklog, define a regex using `Golang Regex
   Syntax <https://pkg.go.dev/regexp/syntax>`_.

.. image:: /assets/images/webhook_modal.png
   :width: 100%
   :alt: Webhook user interface showing the fields you will interact with.

Once created, your webhook will automatically execute for the selected events within the specified
experiments.

******************
 Testing Webhooks
******************

> To edit a webhook, select the more-options menu to the right of the webhook record to access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test a webhook, select the more-options menu to the right of the webhook record to access
```

>    If you do not have sufficient permissions to view and create webhooks, consult with a systems

Reviewer: To create a webhook, follow these steps:

... note::
 If you do not have sufficient permissions to view and create webhooks, consult with a systems administrator.

   admin.

> -  Workspace: You can only select from workspaces you have the permission to create webhook in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Workspace: Select a workspace where you have permission to create webhooks.
```

> -  Name: Identifier to reference webhook in experiment configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Name: Supply a unique identifier for referencing the webhook in the experiment configuration.
```

> -  URL: Supply the webhook URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- URL: Enter the webhook URL.
```

> -  Type: Select a type, either ``Default`` or ``Slack``. The ``Slack`` type can automatically format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Type: Choose either ``Default`` or ``Slack``. The ``Slack`` type automatically formats message content for better readability on Slack.
```

>    message content for better readability on Slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> -  Trigger: Select the event you want to monitor, see :ref:`supported-webhook-triggers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Trigger: Select the event you want to monitor. See the list of supported triggers in the :ref:`supported-webhook-triggers` section.
```

-  Trigger by: Select whether you want to monitor all experiments within the workspace. ``Custom``

>    trigger can only be triggered by specific experiments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. code::

>    # Here is an example experiment config associated with specific webhooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # Example of an experiment configuration with webhooks
```

   integrations:
      webhooks:
         webhook_name:
            - <webhook_name>

-  Regex: If the webhook is configured to trigger on Tasklog, define a regex using `Golang Regex
   Syntax <https://pkg.go.dev/regexp/syntax>`_.

.. image:: /assets/images/webhook_modal.png
   :width: 100%
   :alt: Webhook user interface showing the fields you will interact with.

> Once created, your webhook will begin executing for the selected events for experiments within

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once created, your webhook will automatically execute for the selected events within the specified experiments.
```

To delete a webhook, select the more-options menu to the right of the webhook record to expand
available actions.

******************
 Editing Webhooks
******************

> To edit a webhook, select the more-options menu to the right of the webhook record to expand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit a webhook, select the more-options menu to the right of the webhook record to access available actions.
```

> available actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. note::

>    Determined only support editing the URL of webhooks. To edit other attributes, you should delete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determined only supports editing the URL of webhooks. To modify other attributes, delete and recreate the webhook.
```

>    and recreate the webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
